♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Dorsal!
Yeah, wasn't he
around here last time?
I mean, isn't this sort of,
uh, his area?
[all gasp,
Dorsal clicks]
- Dorsal!
- Dorsal! We found you!
- How's it going, guys?
- We're great!
We were trying to find you
to see if you wanna go off
- and play with us for the day.
- Of course I do!
I always want to play
with you! [clicks]
[all exclaiming and chattering]
- Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
We're gonna have so much fun
together!
But not just yet.
Why not, Dorsal?
We're all here.
I've gotta do my job first.
- [laughs]
- [all] Oh!
Oh, of course! Your job!
What's a "job" again?
- Yeah.
- Oh! [laughs]
Well, everyone
in the dolphin pod
has a job that they do
to help the group
and to get
important things done.
I get it!
Like when Wave directs
traffic on the reef.
- Right!
- My dad has a job.
He takes care of
my 499 brothers.
- And that's a huge job!
- Yeah!
We have caregivers in my pod,
too.
They look after the calves.
Some dolphins look for food,
and others protect
all the members of the pod.
That sounds like
an important job.
It sure is!
The protectors keep the pod safe
by watching out for anything
that might be dangerous.
Do I look dangerous?
- [all chuckle]
- Not so much.
The cool thing is,
I get to do different jobs
from day to day.
On some days,
my job is spinning!
- That's my favorite.
- Wow!
It tells the other dolphins
where the edge of the pod,
or group, is.
Well, that's so cool!
I really love
being part of a group.
We all watch out
for each other,
we all help each other
find food.
And best of all, there's
always somebody to play with!
Today I get to use my powers
of echolocation to find food!
- [all] Ooh!
- It's a super important job.
But it's so much fun,
it feels like play!
[all laugh]
[sonar clicking]
Oh! Gotta swim!
I sense food ahead!
- Cool!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Bye!
I'm good!
It's okay.
I got this.
[laughs]
You know, guys,
having a job sounds really fun.
And important.
I never even knew
there was such a thing!
How does Dorsal
even know what to do?
Did someone teach him
how to do his job?
How did he even
know about it?
[gasps]
And does everyone have a job?
I don't know.
Hey!
Let's have jobs!
- Okay!
- Great idea!
- I call spinning!
- We're gonna have jobs!
Sounds like fun!
Which job should we do?
Oh. Right.
Yeah. Well, what can we do
that will help the group?
Yeah, I don't know,
Splash.
What could we do
that will help Reeftown?
Hmm.
- [gasps] You guys...
- Huh?
- Let's investigate!
- Oh, yeah!
Let's do it!
Hey, you guys figure out
how to help Reeftown.
I'm gonna ask the biggest
helper I know.
Well, who's that?
- Tidy!
- Oh, good idea, Bubbles!
- See ya back in Reeftown!
- Okay, Bye!
Tell him we said hi!
- Bye!
- Whoo!
Pew! [laughs]
Hiya, Tidy!
Oh, hello, Bubbles!
Be with you in a jiffy!
I've just got to
finish cleaning!
Oh! Yeah!
Well, take your time.
I don't want to interrupt
your, uh, job.
Ooh!
Well, uh, it's a job
that I love,
keeping it clean!
[laughs]
Two, three, four!
- Ah.
- [upbeat music]
♪ This goes here,
that goes there ♪
♪ Don't put things
just anywhere ♪
♪ Move this out ♪
♪ Nudge that over
just a little bit ♪
♪ I like to see things
in their place ♪
♪ I'm working at a steady pace,
pick these up ♪
♪ Put those down,
oh, that's it ♪
- ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
- ♪ You gotta remember to ♪
♪ Keep it clean,
keep it clean ♪
♪ Nice and lush,
blue and green ♪
♪ Keep each thing
where it belongs ♪
♪ You really can't go wrong ♪
♪ Don't you ever leave a mess ♪
♪ Always do your very best ♪
♪ To take care of our world ♪
♪ And keep it cle-e-an ♪
♪ I'll show you
how to do your duty ♪
- ♪ Duty ♪
- ♪ Keeping this ♪
♪ A place of beauty ♪
♪ This world has wonder
all around it ♪
♪ So when you leave ♪
♪ Please leave it
as you found it
♪ Keep it clean,
keep it clean ♪
♪ Nice and lush,
blue and green ♪
♪ Keep each thing
where it belongs ♪
♪ You really can't go wrong ♪
♪ Don't you ever leave a mess ♪
♪ Always do your very best ♪
♪ To take care of our world ♪
♪ And keep it cle-e-an ♪
Keep it clean, I'm begging you.
That's all I'm asking for.
- [hums]
- Oh, Tidy!
That's exactly what I came here
to talk to you about...
Oh.
- Your job!
- Pew!
Oh, well, sure, Bubbles!
What do you want to know?
Hmm.
Well, um,
how'd you get it?
And, um,
who told you to do it?
Pew!
Oh, well, you know what?
That's--
that's a really good question.
Well, I've always cleaned.
[laughs]
It was just something
I could do
to help the kelp forest
and all the creatures
that live here.
So, um, a job is something
- that you do to help others.
- Mm-hmm. Pew!
- Uh, hey, Tidy?
- Yeah?
Can I try cleaning,
like you?
Of course! Be my guest!
I encourage every young fish
to keep the kelp forest clean!
- Give it a try!
- All right.
Ahh, this one.
Whoo, not too heavy.
Perfect balance.
I'm-a keep
this for finball.
[sighs] Yeah. Huh?
- Whoo-hoo!
- Ohh, ohh.
- [laughs]
- [yelps]
Uh, Bubbles, uh...
[clears throat]
You know, not everyone
was born to be a cleaner.
[laughs]
I'm starting to see that.
It's okay if cleaning
isn't your job.
Oh, thanks, Tidy.
I don't know
what my job is yet.
Oh, well, that's okay,
you're still young.
But I'm sure
if you keep looking...
- Huh? What?
- You'll find your job.
So, uh, buh-bye!
Okay. Hey, Tidy!
Can I have
this pebble for finball?
Ooh, well,
I don't see why not.
It's one less thing
to clean!
- Thanks!
- Okay! Buh-bye, Bubbles!
Good luck
finding your job!
Oh... my... starfish.
[munching]
- Wow.
- Ahh!
[yelps] Oh! Sorry!
Sorry, Chompy!
It's just you're so good at
eating the algae off the coral.
- Well, thank you!
- How'd you get your job?
Oh! Look in here. Ah!
Whoa, it's like your teeth
and beak
were specially made
for this job!
Yeah!
Choosing a job was a no-brainer.
I just really wanted to
help keep the coral clean.
Plus, I love the way it tastes
and crunches!
- That seems simple.
- Don't forget,
I make new sand from
the coral bits I eat, too.
My teeth grind the coral up
so I can digest it
and turn it into sand!
Wow! It really is
like you have two jobs!
[laughs]
That one was a bonus!
I wish I knew what my job was.
Well, you have lots of time
to figure that out, Splash.
Just think about
what you were made to do.
Hmm.
[gasps] Hey, finball!
- Oh!
- [laughs]
Heads up! Coming at ya!
[laughs] Back at ya!
- Oh, yeah? All right.
- You know, Splash...
You sure are good
at playing games!
Yeah, well, if only I could
figure out what my job is.
[chuckles]
Whoo!
Um, so... Denny.
How did you know you
wanted to clean teeth?
Ripple, I always liked
cleaning teeth,
and I'm not afraid to jump
right into someone's mouth
and grab those
delicious parasites!
Do you think I'd be good
at cleaning teeth, too?
Why don't you help me with Maury
and we'll find out?
- Okay!
- [unintelligible speech]
- All right, let's see.
Uh,
okay, sorry, okay, okay.
Maybe if I, uh,
take another look in...
- You know what, Maury?
- Huh?
You look like
you need some distraction.
- Yeah!
- Have you heard the one
- about the moray eel?
- [unintelligible speech]
Well, I haven't, either,
but I hear it's a long tale.
Get it?
Because you have a long tail.
- [Maury and Denny laugh]
- Pretty good.
You're all set, Maury!
You're good to go!
You know what?
I didn't even mind
having my mouth open
for so long
because, well,
Ripple was doing
such a great job
of keeping me entertained.
- Oh, you are a natural, kid!
- Thanks, Maury.
But I wish I was a natural
at figuring out my job.
It's definitely not
teeth cleaning.
Hmm, I wonder if the others
have found their jobs yet.
Oh, look who it is!
Hello, Dunk!
Dunk! Hey, Dunk!
Hey, Scout and Snap.
Ooh, that looks fun!
- Can I play?
- You're welcome to join us,
- But you know-- no.
- It's not play.
Digging in the sand
is our job.
That's great!
I was just looking for a job!
Well, digging helps the sand--
And keeps a healthy habitat
for other creatures.
This must be my job.
Let me try!
-Right!
- Make yourself at home!
- Look at him go!
- He's very talented.
He's an artiste.
Ooh, I like this pattern!
Dunk! That is amazing!
- You made some terrific art--
- Just by having fun!
And that's the most important
thing at your age.
Yeah, but I was so busy
having fun,
I forgot about my job.
I'd better go see what
everyone else's jobs are.
Hey, guys, did you guys
all find your jobs?
- [all] No.
- Yeah, me neither.
I tried a few jobs,
and I had a lot of fun...
but I don't know what
my job is supposed to be.
Yeah, all we did today
was make a game
out of every job we tried.
We just kept playing
and being silly.
Don't you see?
That's your job.
But we're supposed to do
important stuff.
Playing is important.
That's how you learn.
- Oh.
- Really?
Yeah, Just ask a dolphin.
- Here comes one right now!
- [clicking]
- [all] Hi, Dorsal!
- You're back!
Hiya, Splash!
What did you guys do today?
Well, uh, we did our jobs!
Jobs? Ha! That's great!
What are they?
It turns out that the best job
for kids like us is...
[all] Playing!
[laughs]
Now that's a job
that I can get behind!
- [laughter]
- Hi, everybody!
- Hi!
- Hey, Splash!
- What?
- You gotta check this out.
It's the funniest thing
you'll ever see!
- Do it, Ripple!
- You got it!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
[both laughing]
You're right, Bubbles,
that is awesome!
Aww, thank you!
- You are welcome!
- Hey, Splash! Look!
I found the perfect pebble
to complete my sand pattern
masterpiece!
- Voilà!
- [all] Ooh!
I call it
A Puffer Fish Ponders.
- It's amazing!
- It's a gift.
It sure is!
You know,
it's a talent of yours.
Ooh, I have other talents,
too!
- I'm an excellent puffer!
- [all cheer]
- Wait a second. That's it!
- Uh, what's it?
Let's have a Reeftown
talent show!
What a wonderful idea!
Just one question.
Uh, what's a talent show?
It's a show where we all
share our unique abilities
so everyone can appreciate
all of the amazing talents
we have here in Reeftown!
That's the best idea
I've heard all day!
- [laughter]
- Oh, this is gonna be great!
- Bubbles, you can direct.
- Yes!
Ripple and Dunk,
you can set up the stage.
- Yeah!
- Cool!
And I'll go line up
the talent acts!
- Got it!
- Yeah!
Well, uh, now I guess
we just have to find a way
- to spread the word.
- You called?
Oh, hey, Maury!
Right on cue!
We're gonna throw
a Reeftown talent show.
And we want everyone in Reeftown
to show us what they got!
Oh!
Well, then, allow me
to use my talent
and spread the word!
[chorus] ♪ Shoop, sha-doop,
sha-dooby dooby doop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ You know I got the scoop,
have you heard? ♪
♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm on my way
to hear what I can hear ♪
♪ No matter where it is,
I'll travel far or near ♪
♪ Oh, I'm so excited,
yes, I'm ready to race ♪
♪ I might turn up
at Take-Off Point ♪
♪ Or at Pebble Place,
have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ You know I got the scoop ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ Hi, my name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ If somethin's cookin'
at Coral Cove ♪
♪ That's where I'll be,
or I'll head to Dorsal Park ♪
- ♪ To see what I can see ♪
- Oh!
♪ I'm lookin' for the news ♪
♪ In this part of the ocean ♪
♪ I'm trying to find out
what's all the commotion ♪
♪ I pick up information
as I slither along ♪
♪ Of course I may get
everything wrong ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ Oh, you know
I got the scoop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury ♪
♪ I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you the latest
word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
- Have you heard?!
- [yelps]
Reeftown is having
its first-ever talent show!
A talent show?
I didn't know.
[chuckles]
Well, uh... now ya do!
Oh, and everyone's
invited to perform.
Can't wait to see what you do!
Bye!
A talent show is no place
for lil' ole me.
It's not like I have any
special talents or anything.
Oh, thank you, Ripple!
Finally someone
who knows what they're doing!
Okay, now,
this is very important.
This is where
you're going to float
and announce
all of the talent acts.
Yeah. Bubbles, we've been
over this a thousand times.
- I promise you--
- Splash!
You know you can never
rehearse enough!
Okay, then you're going to
come over here
and wait while
they show their talents.
- Got it?!
- Bubbles! I got it.
Got it?
- You got it.
- [laughs] Okay.
So now I know everyone's act,
Um, wait a minute.
What about Pearlene?
Isn't she gonna do anything?
Wait, Pearlene?!
She's gotta be in this show!
She's gotta show her talents!
Yeah,
maybe she didn't hear about it.
You know, I'll go
tell her about the show.
- I'll be right back.
- Yeah, yeah!
Go tell her about the show!
Rehearse on the way!
Hey, Pearlene!
Are you home?
- I'm always home.
- Oh. Right.
Well... I just want
to make sure you heard
about the Reeftown talent show.
Oh, I heard about it,
and it's not for me.
- Sorry.
- Well, sure it is!
It's-- it's for
everyone in Reeftown.
Only for those with talents.
And that's not me.
Pearlene, everyone
has a special talent.
Well, you know I get shy
about openin' up to folks.
This is
a Reeftown talent show,
and, well, you're
an important part of Reeftown.
So, won't you
at least come watch?
I guess I would like
to see everybody's talents.
And who knows.
Maybe we'll just find yours...
together!
[all chattering]
- Ripple, are you ready?
- I think so. They're just--
you know, they're very--
they're very stubborn boys.
Okay, it'll be fine.
[whispers]
Hey, Pearlene.
Are you excited to
see the show?
Oh, yeah.
This looks like it'll be fun.
Yeah, well, who knows.
Maybe you'll figure out
your talent soon enough.
- Maybe.
- It's time to go, pal!
[gasps] Shh!
Okay.
[clears throat]
Hi, everyone!
And welcome
to the Reeftown Talent Show!
- [all] Ooh!
- Nice!
Today you'll be seeing
lots of amazing talents
found right here in Reeftown!
[all cheer]
And now,
Denny the cleaner shrimp
and Maury the moray eel!
[audience oohs]
I, Denny the cleaner shrimp,
shall now perform the daring act
of climbing inside
this wild moray eel's mouth
to remove parasites!
Ooh!
[all] Ooh!
[Denny]
All right, here we go.
Just get rid of this.
Ta-da!
[Maury]
Ta-da! [grunts]
Ah-ah-ah...
- choo!
- [audience gasps]
Oh, it's all part of the act,
folks,
[all cheer]
- Wow!
- That was awesome!
- Thank you!
- Bye-bye!
[laughs]
What a way to kick things off,
eh?
How can they top that?!
[clears throat]
Presenting Snap,
the amazingly
talented snapping shrimp.
Thank you, Scout,
my sweetheart.
You're welcome, dear.
Note how Snap's claw
is nowhere near the pebbles.
I'm gonna knock 'em down
without touchin' em!
He's gonna knock 'em down
without touchin' em,
when I say the trigger word,
which I'm not gonna say
right now.
Did you say "now"? Snap!
- Oh!
- [all] Wow!
Oh, that was amazing!
I did not see that coming!
- How'd I do?
- You did-- you did great, hon.
- Thank you!
- Thank you, my sweet.
Oh, thank you!
Thank you!
- [all cheering]
- So good!
Fantastic!
I, Chompy the Parrotfish--
hi!
Shall now chew this coral
and produce sand
in front of your very eyes!
[audience gasps, Chompy laughs]
[munching rapidly]
Wow.
[laughs]
[sand pouring]
Gets me every time!
Ta-da! Ha ha!
And now, as my grand finale,
I shall secrete a slime bubble
that I can sleep in!
What?! It can't be done!
[squeals]
[audience cheers]
Incredible!
- Now, that is amazing.
- Yeah.
Oh, Chompy, well done.
What a talent you have!
Oh, well, thank you!
Thank you, and good night!
- [laughs]
- [audience] Ooh!
Thank you.
- Ta-da!
- [audience] Ahh!
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
[all] Wow!
Ah-ha. Ooh-whoo.
[all] Ooh!
Nice.
[grunting and laughing]
Go, Wave!
Shake a tentacle!
Wave's dancing
is so wonderful.
Now, that is some real talent.
I sure can't do that.
Oh, but-- but you don't have
to do that, Pearlene.
Everyone's talent is unique,
something that's
really their own.
That's true.
Yeah, something
that makes them shine.
Yeah, shine!
Shine!
[gasps]
Pearlene!
I think we may
have just figured out
your amazing talent to share!
- Oh!
- Okay, listen to this.
- Okay.
- Here's what we're gonna do.
Well, uh, folks,
that brings us
to the end
of our Reeftown talent show.
[all] Aww.
But before we go,
for our grand finale,
my good friend Pearlene
wants to show all of you
something really special,
a talent that
really makes her shine.
Hi, y'all.
- Go for it, Pearlene.
- All right.
[all gasping]
Oh, that's amazing!
- Pearlene!
- That's beautiful!
[Chompy] That is the most
beautiful pearl I've ever seen!
- You like that one, Chompy?
- I loved it! Do it again!
Well, that's right.
We oysters make pearls.
Actually, folks,
Pearlene's being really modest.
Not all oysters
can make pearls.
Not even most oysters.
This is something that only
very special oysters can do.
- I can't do that!
- Oh, it's beautiful.
- They saved the best for last.
- That's the way!
Thank you, everybody.
And thank you too, Splash.
You helped me figure out
what my talent is.
And that is Splash's talent,
right, everybody?
He makes all his friends
feel special
- just for being who they are!
- [all] Aww!
Well, thanks, everybody.
You know, I never thought
about it like that.
I guess everyone really does
have a talent after all.
[all cheer]
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪